- kernels
   - maxas: 
    maxas assembler, type `./maxas.pl` to show help message

   - sass: 
    SASS files copied from neon project, but EXIT instruction is replaced with RET.

   - vblock: 
    SASS files where constant mapping has one more parameter, namely vblock.
    Instruction `S2R reg, SR_CTAID.[XYZ]`  is replace with following three instructions to remap block index. Haven't been tested. No guarantee of correctness

    ```
    S2R reg, SR_CTAID.[XYZ]
    ISCADD reg, reg, vblock, 0x2
    LDG reg, [reg]
    ```

    

- devfunc.py:
  Please install pre-requested packages to run this script, which include 
  `pycuda`, `nervananeon` and`nervanagpu`. Then set environment variable `DEVFUNC_CACHE_DIR` to specify where to store temporary files, such as container CUDA C files and result cubin files. And make sure CUDA toolkits are available on your machine. Type `python devfunc.py -h` to show help message. This file is modified based on `neon/backends/kernel_spec.py`

- exit2ret.sh:

  Bash script to replace EXIT instruction with RET in default SASS files copied from neon.

- vblock.sh:

  Bash script to add virtual block mapping in SASS files.

- test:

  - sconv_direct_fprop_128x128:

    A simple test case where a wrapper global function call device function generated by maxas.pl.

    - Makefile

    - sconv_direct_fprop_128x128_device.cu:

      Container CUDA C file, which defines an device function to accept SASS code in the future

    - sconv_direct_fprop_128x128_test.cu:

      Host code and wrapper global function

    - sconv_xprop_X128_N128.sass, xconv_xprop_common.sass:

      SASS files to be inserted into Container CUDA C file, copied from neon directly.